model models/8react/model.sm
trace paths/other/a.txt
property G_bg = 50
recursionBound 5
timeBound 20
flexibility 0.2
terminate depth
cycleLength 2
export both
verbose false


model models/8react/model.sm
trace paths/other/a.txt
property G_bg = 50
recursionBound 1
terminate depth
cycleLength 4
export both
verbose false




model models/toy/model.sm
trace models/toy/forprism.trace
property AA = 15
recursionBound 1
timeBound 20
flexibility 0.2
terminate depth
cycleLength 0
export both
verbose true





-----

model models/8react/model.sm
trace paths/other/a.txt
property G_bg = 50
recursionBound 5
timeBound 20
flexibility 0.2
terminate depth
cycleLength 0
export prism
verbose false

This gave a probability of 3.5e-14

-----

model models/8react/model.sm
trace paths/other/a.txt
property G_bg = 50
recursionBound 5
timeBound 20
flexibility 0.07
terminate time
cycleLength 0
export prism
verbose false

This gave a probability of 1.7e-7

-----

model models/8react/model.sm
trace paths/other/a.txt
property G_bg = 50
recursionBound 5
timeBound 20
flexibility 0.08
terminate time
cycleLength 0
export prism
verbose false

This gave a probability of 2.85e-12

-----

model models/8react/model.sm
trace paths/other/a.txt
property G_bg = 50
recursionBound 5
timeBound 20
flexibility 0.09
terminate time
cycleLength 0
export prism
verbose false

This gave a probability of 1.2844369534346798E-6

-----

model models/toy/model.sm
trace models/toy/forprism.trace
property AA = 15
recursionBound 5
timeBound 20
flexibility 0.2
terminate depth
cycleLength 0
export both
removeTolerance 0.9
verbose false

this worked




---------


model models/8react/model.sm
trace paths/other/a.txt
property G_bg = 50
recursionBound 4
timeBound 20
flexibility 0.08
terminate depth
cycleLength 0
removeTolerance 0.0
export prism
verbose true

gave probability e-4

-----------

model models/2react/model.sm
trace models/2react/trace.txt
property s2>=80
recursionBound 4
timeBound 100
flexibility 0.08
terminate depth
cycleLength 0
removeTolerance 0.0
export prism
verbose true

----


model models/8react/model.sm
trace paths/other/shortest.txt
property G_bg = 50
recursionBound 30
timeBound 20
flexibility 0.8
terminate depth
cycleLength 4
removeTolerance 0.0
export prism
verbose false